add monitoring logging as addons (#282)
harvester/docs: docs/monitoring/monitoring.md

_Available as of v0.3.0_

The monitoring feature is enabled by default.

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> The monitoring feature becomes addons and is disabled by default in new installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitoring feature is now implemented with an addon and is disabled by default in new installations.
```

> User can enable/disable monitoring addons [addons](../advanced/addons.md) from Harvester WebUI after installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can enable/disable the `rancher-monitoring` [addon](../advanced/addons.md) from the Harvester WebUI after installation.
```

> User can enable/disable monitoring addons in Harvester installation via customized [harveter-configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installaddons) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also enable/disable the `rancher-monitoring` addon in their Harvester installation by customizing the [harveter-configuration](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installaddons) file.
```

> For the Harvester clusters upgraded from v1.1.*, the monitoring is converted to addons automatically and kept enabled as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Harvester clusters upgraded from v1.1.*, the monitoring feature is converted to an addon automatically and kept enabled as before.
```
